First peel the orange; next slice the orange. The final task is to slice the orange.
Before you slice the orange, peel the orange. The earlier task is to peel the orange.
After you peel the orange, slice the orange. The later task is to slice the orange.
Two actions are planned: peel the orange, then slice the orange. Start by choosing to peel the orange.
The last task is to slice the orange. The first action is to peel the orange.
First open the jar; next fill the bowl. The final task is to fill the bowl.
Before you fill the bowl, open the jar. The earlier task is to open the jar.
After you open the jar, fill the bowl. The later task is to fill the bowl.
Two actions are planned: open the jar, then fill the bowl. Start by choosing to open the jar.
The last task is to fill the bowl. The first action is to open the jar.
First buy a ticket; next board the train. The final task is to board the train.
Before you board the train, buy a ticket. The earlier task is to buy a ticket.
After you buy a ticket, board the train. The later task is to board the train.
Two actions are planned: buy a ticket, then board the train. Start by choosing to buy a ticket.
The last task is to board the train. The first action is to buy a ticket.
First wash the plate; next dry the plate. The final task is to dry the plate.
Before you dry the plate, wash the plate. The earlier task is to wash the plate.
After you wash the plate, dry the plate. The later task is to dry the plate.
Two actions are planned: wash the plate, then dry the plate. Start by choosing to wash the plate.
The last task is to dry the plate. The first action is to wash the plate.
First read the recipe; next bake the bread. The final task is to bake the bread.
Before you bake the bread, read the recipe. The earlier task is to read the recipe.
After you read the recipe, bake the bread. The later task is to bake the bread.
Two actions are planned: read the recipe, then bake the bread. Start by choosing to read the recipe.
The last task is to bake the bread. The first action is to read the recipe.
First pack the bag; next leave the house. The final task is to leave the house.
Before you leave the house, pack the bag. The earlier task is to pack the bag.
After you pack the bag, leave the house. The later task is to leave the house.
Two actions are planned: pack the bag, then leave the house. Start by choosing to pack the bag.
The last task is to leave the house. The first action is to pack the bag.
First draw a picture; next paint the picture. The final task is to paint the picture.
Before you paint the picture, draw a picture. The earlier task is to draw a picture.
After you draw a picture, paint the picture. The later task is to paint the picture.
Two actions are planned: draw a picture, then paint the picture. Start by choosing to draw a picture.
The last task is to paint the picture. The first action is to draw a picture.
First unlock the gate; next enter the garden. The final task is to enter the garden.
Before you enter the garden, unlock the gate. The earlier task is to unlock the gate.
After you unlock the gate, enter the garden. The later task is to enter the garden.
Two actions are planned: unlock the gate, then enter the garden. Start by choosing to unlock the gate.
The last task is to enter the garden. The first action is to unlock the gate.
First write a letter; next mail the letter. The final task is to mail the letter.
Before you mail the letter, write a letter. The earlier task is to write a letter.
After you write a letter, mail the letter. The later task is to mail the letter.
Two actions are planned: write a letter, then mail the letter. Start by choosing to write a letter.
The last task is to mail the letter. The first action is to write a letter.
First plant a seed; next water the soil. The final task is to water the soil.
Before you water the soil, plant a seed. The earlier task is to plant a seed.
After you plant a seed, water the soil. The later task is to water the soil.
Two actions are planned: plant a seed, then water the soil. Start by choosing to plant a seed.
The last task is to water the soil. The first action is to plant a seed.
First turn on the light; next read the book. The final task is to read the book.
Before you read the book, turn on the light. The earlier task is to turn on the light.
After you turn on the light, read the book. The later task is to read the book.
Two actions are planned: turn on the light, then read the book. Start by choosing to turn on the light.
The last task is to read the book. The first action is to turn on the light.
First put on shoes; next walk outside. The final task is to walk outside.
Before you walk outside, put on shoes. The earlier task is to put on shoes.
After you put on shoes, walk outside. The later task is to walk outside.
Two actions are planned: put on shoes, then walk outside. Start by choosing to put on shoes.
The last task is to walk outside. The first action is to put on shoes.
breakfast comes before dinner. Of these events, dinner is later.
dinner follows breakfast. Of these events, breakfast is earlier.
We finish breakfast and then begin dinner. The second event is dinner.
lunch comes before supper. Of these events, supper is later.
supper follows lunch. Of these events, lunch is earlier.
We finish lunch and then begin supper. The second event is supper.
practice comes before the concert. Of these events, the concert is later.
the concert follows practice. Of these events, practice is earlier.
We finish practice and then begin the concert. The second event is the concert.
sunrise comes before sunset. Of these events, sunset is later.
sunset follows sunrise. Of these events, sunrise is earlier.
We finish sunrise and then begin sunset. The second event is sunset.
the lesson comes before the quiz. Of these events, the quiz is later.
the quiz follows the lesson. Of these events, the lesson is earlier.
We finish the lesson and then begin the quiz. The second event is the quiz.
the game comes before the celebration. Of these events, the celebration is later.
the celebration follows the game. Of these events, the game is earlier.
We finish the game and then begin the celebration. The second event is the celebration.
At the station a taxi arrived first and a bicycle arrived second. The taxi was early.
At noon the bicycle arrived after a taxi. The bicycle was the later arrival.
A taxi left before a bicycle. The first vehicle to leave was a taxi.
At the station a car arrived first and a train arrived second. The car was early.
At noon the train arrived after a car. The train was the later arrival.
A car left before a train. The first vehicle to leave was a car.
At the station a bus arrived first and a truck arrived second. The bus was early.
At noon the truck arrived after a bus. The truck was the later arrival.
A bus left before a truck. The first vehicle to leave was a bus.
At the station a boat arrived first and a car arrived second. The boat was early.
At noon the car arrived after a boat. The car was the later arrival.
A boat left before a car. The first vehicle to leave was a boat.
At the station a truck arrived first and a taxi arrived second. The truck was early.
At noon the taxi arrived after a truck. The taxi was the later arrival.
A truck left before a taxi. The first vehicle to leave was a truck.
